to drink
If you or I downloaded everything to children with
costumes that drown me
I do it from idea
and they
youtube if you examine it I did I miss
all right
she takes care of me or like nothing
the bachelor lights and favors
They are 20 flowers
and what happens to every law is a simple video
frost or a group of three with the
storms of assault with the mission be
defocused and fast attention chargers
attention to the moment because they shit on
my
in my fucking mother directly and in everything
possible because my mother how are you
I make the purchase look well at the
leading program threw the tube that
it's freaking by the way to look up
is that I remember perfectly that
crap in everything possible and well let's
see the orbital will depart for if
we are seeing good before peak all
series that changes series that starts new
from the week because I've left
the week wednesday good was very much
more comfortable for me and since of
Wednesday to Wednesday is a week without
nor calculation do not fail me right now
also with the merkel there are seven edits
because it's better
phil de george by the way all when
concept to a group of 36 and raúl osiel q
that you already know what is the account with the
that they left me and with which I took
they nuclear for the first time in play
we cut and we go to the second part
of what has been a part of
week a same enemy and now we're going to
throw chicha and chatted from stable like
strips several times I notice it and then yes
I do not know if the surprise
we are seeing games of the week
Wednesday through Wednesday on Sunday
Friday I do not know what day he decides it will be the
nuclear of the week so we're
seeing then we are seeing 96 casualties with
assault and 96 downs with assault in group of
stress
the extreme domain and if you are watching it
correctly steve and we wanted to not know neither
where was I go I do not even know where the fuck
I was shooting but good
how it came out is starting from the rejects
the prince so simply and do not believe
that I killed so much were 24 casualties with him what
of these 17 casualties 24 with the vtol and
17 casualties with the one of being the others
casualties are with weapons so it is not either
an exaggerated departure of casualties has
born pela a good secret by the way
if I'm the host baker he threw me to a
soon you will have 105 down to the
safer fishing already for the week
that comes so I have two weeks
to get me another hundred other rather
drop another game like this one that was
guardiola considered but considered a
extreme departure
according to what channel of tone is a channel
of pastón think that if we apart if the
I consider a good game if it were a
channel barton fink play really not
because this does kill me and one of the
orbital to another vtol and I uncovered
again there would be four that
I would throw another in the game I do not remember
yes that could have put the tips
quotas could have pulled me 150 to 130
perfect falls perfectly but good
the partner kills me and expels him I do not know
what the fuck does
directly by the way, good for the
that you do not remember what was said before mmt
Unfurled quick chargers
we carry a scavenger line
that I remember marathon and dexterity
yes I think that I do believe that yes and
also hard line or weight line vest
lightweight is worth hard line lightweight
scavenger dexterity and marathon I think the
marathon here on the plate I do not remember
well because this likes the little girl
If you do not already said, you like the little music
Fund there you ask me by
comments that dollar is dedicated
latest progress news and fourth
well I'm going to put the list here because
they really are so many drugs mode
cooperative you already know my opinion
I think I'll give this video it's fine
zelaya on Friday give the Saturday a
personal opinion in 2.0 of the way
cooperative my opinion and sincere not
regarding the video joke but the
because I think that really
how to explain it I think they are going to take
something something very good gives me the feeling
that they are going to get something very good that is not going
to be survival mode
I do not know why but this game gives me that
touch the country was the trolley before the
man another smart really to his
feeling when they send those twitter
when you see that the special mega edition
of 500 euros brings you an edition in the
which come out rounds leave found brands
and they come out little things track
the console is like more very worn
as if it were saying
that not everything is going to be future
really the console is like qatar
did not soften because they are little touches left
that are telling you clues that
really pop I think it's not going to
create a survival mode vale remains
one minute of departure explained by the mode
cooperative we can play 5 the editor of
emblem will also put it cinema mode
you do not know a whore shit the safest
they put it in a dlc of payment 13 maps
multi beach the other day there was in the
streaming a chicken that did not know how to play
to the game that it turns out that a
nuclear whore and I did not know how to play in a
streaming who more than this yes more
rare avis confirmed a demonic mode
that was just confirmed and I do not know what and
4 more fine chicks of equal advance
so good and give the news already
can you save yourself
in other videos just for information
there are comments on Saturday from my opinion
respect to the cooperative that I think
will have a lot of fabric
on Saturday 2.0